#  **12.03.19**

**General Notes - Pastor Joshua**

  * WINS

    * Joshua - 

    * David - 

    * Tanisha - 

    * Hoana - 

    * Danielle - 

    * Carolyn - 

  

  * Calendar Requests

    * PD: Dec 24th to bump up spanish church in revere a half hour up (7:00 to 7:30pm)

  

  

  * Calendar Review

    * Sectional Christmas Party

      * December 9th

      * Make sure we take pictures, shooting to having a booth

      * Talk to the cafe about having a barista

      * Put together a list of all the sectional dates

      * So far 48 in attendance not including staff

    * Christmas Party

      * December 11th

    * December 13th

      * Staff lunch: 12:00pm

    * Child Dedication

      * Dec 15th in Lynn

      * Dec 22nd in Revere

    * PK out of Staff Meeting

      * Dec 10th

      * Will be run by PJ

    * JIK Promo

      * Post more stuff this week

      * Get AD’s going

    * Wayne Alarm coming in tomorrow.

    * Chairs coming in Thursday Morning.

    * Thursday tables are coming in from CCC.

    * Parade in Lynn

      * Dec 24th

    *   

  

  

**General Notes - Pastor Kurt**

  * S/S/S

    * Went well overall

    * Connection with the non-white people group

      * In the school system K-5 in LPS seems ok, after there’s a racial divide. Privileged kids go to private school.

      * In high school there’s a clear racial group divide.

      * White kids are the minority group in Lynn, but the teachers are 80-90% white.

      * Theres a shift when someone of another ethnicity or gender come into a presbytery meeting.

  * New people are confused about bathroom location

  * Carlos role in 3rd service?

    * Filling in for Dean as armor bearer currently

    * PK: did a really good job

  * **TOP PRIORITY**

    * PJ: Meet with Amy and redirect her to move on from media

      * Not sure of the cause of chaos

      * She might do well in V.I.P

      * At lead retreat, she did a good job at drawing in the "outsider"

    * PJ: Follow up with Lauren about church attendance

      * Why isn’t she coming regularly?

        * Work stress?

  * Notice anything about the Johansons?

    * PJ: Dan was a no show for a meeting.

    * On the radar, Dan seemed overwhelmed.

  

  

**Tasks:  **

  * _Pastor  Joshua _

    * Follow up with Amy about media transition

    * Follow up with Lauren about church attendance 

  * _Pastor  David_

    *  

  * _Pastor Tanisha_

    *   

  *  _Pastor Hoana_

    *   

  *  _Pastor  Danielle _

    *   

  * _Carolyn_

    * Put together a draft list of all the sectional dates

  

