#  **12.17.19**

**General Notes - Pastor Joshua**

  * WINS

    * Joshua - 

    * David - 

    * Tanisha - 

    * Hoana - 

    * Danielle - 

    * Jesse - 

  

  * Calendar Requests

    * PDS - Revere chapel Sat. @ 10:30am-12pm 

  

  

  * Calendar Review

    * 12/18 Revere START, Board Meeting

    * Saturday Street Team

    * NYE Service

      * YA NYE event following in revere

  

  

**General Notes - Pastor Kurt**

  * Surgery 

    * Recovery time: 1-8 weeks

  * Youth Group

    * No roughhousing

  * Teenagers at the Christmas Party, WINS/LOSSES

  * Christmas Party 

    * Food was out too early before getting prayed for

    * Karaoke was rough, no monitors

    * Crowded?

    * Not intended to be an outreach event, but is seen as one.

    * Needs to change into a staff member who oversees a team that runs the event

  * Child Dedication

    * Number was low. Thoughts?

      * Everyone who signed up, showed up to both class and dedication.

      * **Make sure Child dedication is always on the 2nd Sunday of the month**

      * **Child dedication class needs to be two  weeks before CD Sunday. (No day specifically)**

      * Low numbers overall for both Child dedication and regular December service

    * Leroy’s(Child) Family

        * Precious is the mom

        * Dad is Mike, has been to church. Not regular attender

    * Jackson(Child)

      * Tara used to come two years ago

  * Stacey Blaisdale

    * Coming back

    * Two teenagers. One boy and one girl.

    * On the welcome team at remix

  * March

    * 3 weeks in march where spring break in college is happening with Chi-Alpha

      * Chi-Alpha coming to us

      * Over 300 people committed to coming to Boston through Chi-Alpha

      * Maybe also serving with us

  * Someone to take over Teams

    * Change in portfolio

  * Really good time to reach out to people.

    * Holidays are tough fro a lot of people

    * Relapses etc..

  * Courtney and Zoey

    * Courtney was baptized with us

    * Set up meetings but nothing happened

    * Zoey used to come prior to his return

    * Zoey had a real moment with Jesus a couple weeks ago when Courtney wasn’t there

    * Both came during the summer in revere when the team as there

    * Zoey asked for prayer

    * Christmas Party: Dressed more masculine

    * Mental health pocket of people

    * Seems like Zoey has a higher capacity than Courtney

  * John is only working on the Lynn Location now.

  

  

**Tasks:  **

  * _Pastor  Joshua _

    *   

  * _Pastor  David_

    *  

  * _Pastor Tanisha_

    *   

  *  _Pastor Hoana_

    *   

  *  _Pastor  Danielle _

    *   

  * _Jesse_

    *   

  

