#  **4.30.19**

**General Notes - Pastor Joshua**

  * WINS - ministry or personal 

    * Joshua - 2 amour bearers at lead (Abbey + Brian) showed much excitement

    * David - Bonsari(Bini) found ECIC on facebook + immediately wanted to participate (responding well to Jesus + wanted to immediately serve)

    * Tanisha - 1:able to walk person through the race conversation with another friend 2:talks with young ladies on setting sexual boundaries

    * Hoana - got to see family

    * Danielle - 15 kids on Sunday + some returning from Easter

    * Carolyn - took 6hr off last week +  realized a vacation is needed

  

  * Calendar Requests

    * PDS - Can I paint the kids room? **PK is ok with it as long as PD is ok with the money part of it**

    * May 3-4 personal day PT **approved by PJ**

    * June 3-7 vacation PT **approved by PJ**

    * May 21 - requesting personal day PD **approved by PJ**

  

  * Calendar Review

    * Blessing of the Bikes added to June 9th by PK - will talk about later

    * Pastoral appreciation does need to be staggered - it has been adjusted in the calendars

  * Revere 1 Year Anniversary 

    * will have cake in Revere - make it feel like a party

    * make it feel like a big celebration : balloons outside, special songs about thanking God

    * slideshow - may take place of offering

    * PK: it will be announced in Lynn but not a huge event

    * PH to collect pictures + PK will narrate the voiceover

  * Access 5/8+15: challenge ministry leaders to have proactive Sunday on recruiting

    * have leaders communicate to Jess Bishop so she knows

  * ACY talent show: no plan for it yet (not promoted to parents yet)

  * Mother’s Day

    * Revere: Anthony will be doing photos in Revere outside (backup plan?)

    * Lynn: next week PH will tell us where it is w/ backup plan

    * it’s not supposed to be in cafe

  * Greeting Team meeting w/ PK- CTH to pester Jonathan 

  * Annual Business Meeting: by 5/21 must be sent/emailed/shared as a google doc to PJ

    * positive telling of ministry portfolio of 2018

  * Father’s Day

    * PJ will take a few minutes w/ men’s group + will brainstorm w/ them to see if

    * bring up next week at staff meeting

  * Blessing of the Bikes

    * PK = point person as of right now

    * PK doesn’t think we are ready for it yet in Revere

  

**General Notes - Pastor Kurt  **

  * reminder: Blessing of the Bikes scheduled for June 9th

  * Network Conference

    * 19 is full so staff can’t attend

    * 20+21 would be the part to attend

    * staff welcome - register online PJ-credentail holder 

    * Jen = delegate

    * hotel is full (Crown Plaza) would need to pair up with hotel

    * PD - doesn’t work w/ schedule

    * PT - on call on Monday still 

    * staff to figure out housing - several places w/in 5miles

    * staff training/conference category - use church cards

    * there are no banquets - don’t do the light for the lost luncheon - women’s thing is probably full

    * 5 meals will be covered - staff can eat together if they want but not needed - use church card

    * purpose/goal

      * 1- a chance to connect w/ other pastors - has been valuable to PK as an associate pastor - connect w/ peers

      * 2 - good to know who ppl are: when ppl drop + who is still around + therefore who to reach out to

    * dress code - not a big deal (jeans, casual business) PK will have to dress-up

    * PK will be looking for staff’s feedback

    * PK has treated these events like a half off and half on - PK is asking to consider this as staff’s day off

  * 506 ppl this past Sunday

    * post-Easter Sunday is typically when churches plumment

    * Revere stayed 2ppl away from Easter number (attendance = 96)

    * Grace City - will be meeting in Lynn tech going forward

    * selling their two properties (1.5/2million hopefully) to create a new future

  * 3 Southern Baptist churches trying to start in Lynn right now

  * Met w/ Heath about camp - we are on for camp this year

    * this is more kids but it does impact youth as well

    * commitments from Heath

      * 1 - there will not be minors in charge of group of kids alone

      * 2- pastors don’t stop being pastors when they go to camp (ie if a pastor says, this kid needs to be handled this way - if it can’t happen, they need to let us know they can’t/incapable do it then we have to decide what to do)

      * 3 - be clear w/ churches that this is not a special needs camp: be clear on what we can and cannot handle

      * 4 - if you need to make an incident report, it needs to be followed up full circle by the end of the day

    * pastors to take note on these items + report back to PK afterwards

    * on a side not, Heath has realized he hasn’t been a point person tied to camp + will be taking a different role (PK is unsure what that truly means)

  * when PJ gone, PT brought up whether or not Orlando + Stephanie are living together

    * PJ + PT needs to communicate about who handles this

    * this is a put all the cards on the table conversation: this would take her off lead or off the stage

    * PT to email PJ something of the things she’s heard through the kids

    * issue PK trying to address, if we hear something, the question is, who addresses it?

    * it has always been PJ having this conversations but can become complicated long term

  * PK for PH: waiting for speaker to be taken somewhere + computer proposal

  * START Dinner

    * at the last two dinners, two ppl showed up

    * any thoughts? what’s happening?

      * PJ had done a ton of work + was told ppl were coming + they didn't

    * PK Q: how are they being invited?

      * PJ A: starts on Sunday + followed-up with during the week + then everyone is reminded the tuesday/wednesday before it happens (24-48hrs)

    * Nikki is doing reminders text/call

    * PJ to create a spreadsheet + create a science of it

    * PK’s example: he gets a call AND a text for every one of Haley’s appts

    * is there something about the way we’re doing it right now that makes it feel sterile?

      * CTH - how do we communicate about parking? PK thinks we need to do a better job 

    * we need to HARD sell the parking garage

    * especially on Wednesdays

    * download the app $2 each time you park

    * this could be a bigger win

    * PK Q: how are they being invited in Revere?

      * PD: conversations, reminding ppl day of by texting or calling

      * in Revere, ppl are excited to cook so it helps bring them in

      * PK thinks it feels more personal

  * Parking

    * the more we park in a street spot on Sunday, the less spots there are for others

    * this is becoming a huge issue

    * PK will do some math on parking costs for staff on Sundays at least

  * PK to PH: by three weeks from now, PK needs another church promo video for FB add

    * needs to start hot (no building), needs to be 10seconds

    * opening image + beat has to hit hard 

  * PK Q: has anyone done enneagram for real? with a trained person?

    * PT has a friend who is a certified coach

    * PK is reaching out to Joel Hubbard in Stoneham to see how to do this as a team

  * PK to pastoral staff - you all have attendance records of ppl 

    * PK wants to see if there’s anything in that data from last Easter (1yrs worth of data)

    * looking for trends, 

    * staff to create a spreadsheet: names on left, date on top

    * due a week from now (5/8)

  * Renting church

    * students came up during israel info meeting + again during LEAD

    * CTH - reach out to Pastor Carlos, in their contract they can use the 2nd floor 

    * look up their contract

    * PT: says they use 204 

    * need to be trained on equipment, 

    * here are the dates we are using all of the 2nd floor

    * make sure he has our calendar + then remind them each LEAD/annual business meeting

  * Lynn location Housekeeping

    * Green Trash cans - PD make sure they are removed early in the morning 

    * Wednesday PM - PJ make sure coffee is taken care of

  * Next Level Meeting

    * PK Q: why wasn’t Revere at next level?

    * PJ A: there was some forgetting + communication both ways

  * Room Flip Discussion

    * PK Q: has anyone gotten feedback on room flip? positive or negative

      * PH A: it’s hard to hear from the media both - get iPad 

        * PK: it won’t be perfect bc of the shape of the room

      * PJ A: several of our ppl w/ social anxiety are coming through the old lobby - 

    * PK Q: is anybody coming into the cafe + want to go to the bathroom then head back outside

      * PK: if ppl walking through + it’s not disruptive  

    * **NEW POLICY: lock the lobby doors w/ a sign to enter through the cafe**

    * CTH - make a door decal on sundays please use 

      * somewhere to store it 

    * PK isn’t interested in the homeless population using us as a bathroom, coffee, break - they need to engage in our process

    * Jen is going to give PK a sense on how many ppl are getting a coffee + leaving and how many ppl are actually there for the cafe as a usual business

    * PK is happy about how the cafe has turned into a hang-out space

  * Mansion

    * ok to start moving stuff upstairs but John needs to have full access of the space still

    * floor of shower almost done - hopefully be done by Friday

    * a few days will be needed afterwards to seal and then fix a couple of things in the bathroom

    * PK getting an estimate on the roof

**Tasks:  **

  * _All staff:_

    * create a spreadsheet of attendance from last Easter (name on left - dates on top) - DUE 5/8

    * send PJ a positive review on ministry portfolio by 5/21 for the annual business meeting

  *  _Pastor  Joshua _

    * make sure Wednesday PM coffee is cleaned up

    * create a spreadsheet on START dinner follow-up process

  *  _Pastor  David_

    * make sure trash cans are removed early in the morning after pick-up

  *  _Pastor Tanisha_

    *   

  *  _Pastor Hoana_

    *   

  *  _Pastor  Danielle _

    *   

  * _Carolyn_

    * update staff vacation/personal day database

    * Mother’s Day: not in cafe - fix mother’s day postcards

    * make a door decal for Sunday (locked lobby doors)

    * work on communicating the parking issue + where

    * setup reminders to text Pastor Carlos about LEAD/annual business meeting

    * reach out to Pastor Carlos + what rooms are they using for Sundays PM/if they need to be trained on technology

  

