#  **7.2.19**

**General Notes - Pastor Joshua**

**Absent - Carolyn  **

  * WINS

    * Joshua - Start dinner felt like it was back on track 

    * David - visitation with Kristen across from the revere location for her birthday 

    * Tanisha - spent time with haley Ortiz 

    * Hoana - talked with Adam about ACY taking over worship on a Sunday 

    * Danielle - Ice skating with Revere parks and Rec. Met a lot of kids and people involved with the community

    * Carolyn - 

  

  * Calendar Requests

    * MK Volunteer Orientation Suite 204 on 7/13 @ 12-3PM facility / 1-2:30 event calendar 

    * Cancel Kids Camp meetup

    * PT: Switch day off to 7/20/19 (camp)

  

  * Calendar Review

    *   

  

  

**General Notes - Pastor Kurt**

  * How was Sunday? 

    * PJ got really good reviews on his sermon 

    * Numbers were low, summer low

  * Emily Macclean got accepted to Gordon Conwell - PK is going to meet with her 

  * Going to be thinking through discipleship process  

    * Created month by month hyper focus process - this is put on the side for now 

    * Floor has stabilized but ceiling is not rising 

    * We are doing a deep drive into discipleship - where are we at and why are we there?

      * Wednesday nights - who is coming/who are they and why are they coming 

      * Is it our responsibility to make sure people who are attending/serving are changing when they leave the building? 

      * What does it look like to be a disciple who is growing?

      * Do we have diverse small groups that reflect our church as a whole?

      * Who is not going to small groups? - Patty Marino, Valazquez family, families with young kids 

  * Remix board has a leak - Randalls son knew things no one outside the board should know

  * Remix takeover is probably off the table 

  * If there is anything that needs fixed around the building, add it to the google todo list 

  * Mansion lawn needs to be mowed once a week 

  * Kristen and Taleiysa are with the Chevaliers, Angela is couch surfing, Kelsey is with Amber? 

  

**Tasks:  **

  * _All staff:_

    *   

  * _Pastor  Joshua _

    *   

  * _Pastor  David_

    *  

  * _Pastor Roy_

    *   

  *  _Pastor Tanisha_

    *   

  *  _Pastor Hoana_

    *   

  *  _Pastor  Danielle _

    *   

  * _Carolyn_

  

